---
date: 2009-01-01T02:55:26-07:00
draft: false
title: 1999
authors:
    - Camden Lamont
tags:
    - blogs
    - crime
    - television
links:
    - "[1999 - Creepypasta - Creepypasta](https://www.creepypasta.com/1999-creepypasta/)"
---

My dad put the TV he bought in my room. Unfortunately, it was just an old,
small boob tube, with rabbit ears even. It also only had 20 channels available;
not including the channel Pokémon was on. I recall I didn't care, though. I was
just thrilled I had my own TV in my room. After surfing through the channels, I
came to the conclusion that only channel 2 (TVO kids) was worth watching so I
watched that for a while. It wasn't for another few months until I discovered
channel 21. One day in April, I was flipping through the channels, trying to
see if Pokémon was on. I pressed channel 21 into the remote, hoping there were
more channels, and to my delight there was. My dad was surprised too, but he
let me watch it because it seemed to have kids programs on. The channel was
called Caledon Local 21 and later I found out it was indeed broadcasted from
the town of Caledon, Ontario, a town very close to my city.

The shows I saw on Caledon Local 21 looked poorly made, and I never understood
what was going on in them half the time. However as I grew up, every time I
thought of that channel, I realized more and more how messed up the shows were
and I had to ask myself, "What the fuck was I watching?"

The following is a list of shows and episodes I remember seeing on Caledon
Local 21, how I remember such detail even disturbs me, but I guess things like
this stand out in your mind for a while. The channel only ran a few shows,
probably because it was only operational between 4:00 pm and 9:00 pm.

### **April 1999**

Mr. Bear's Cellar --- Episode 12: Very sketchy name if you were to look at it
nowadays. The show featured a guy wearing a bear mascot costume who would get a
new visitor into his cellar every day. (It was always a kid) The show was
filmed with a camcorder, and not a very good one either. The police asked me a
lot of questions about this show. This episode started with Mr. Bear sitting at
a table playing checkers by himself. He sat there playing for a bit until there
was a knock on the door. The camera was then looking up the stairs at the door,
where there was another knock. Mr. Bear climbed the stairs and opened the door
to reveal two young children. One was a boy about my age, and the other was a
girl who looked about eight.

Mr. Bear danced in delight, and then started talking to the kids; I couldn't
hear any of them that well, I remember. Mr. Bear then led the kids into the
cellar, which was quite dark, only lit by a small oil lamp on the table. I
can't really remember that much more, except him singing a song which I
couldn't hear too well either (Probably because of that large bear mask). The
episode ended with them playing hide-and-seek, with the kids hiding in a closet
and Mr. Bear counting.

### **May 1999**

Soup and Spoon: I don't think this was even a show, I think it was more of a
special movie thing. All I know is I stopped watching Caledon Local 21 for a
while because I thought this show was too stupid, especially since Pokémon now
came on at 4:30 and 5:00. I don't remember much of this, but it showed a can of
soup and a spoon both attached to strings, swinging back and forth, as if
someone was holding them and dangling them in front of the camera.
Interestingly enough, the show was shot in a basement, which looked just like
the one used in Mr. Bear's Cellar. Like I said, I can't remember much, the only
thing I can remember clearly was the end.

The entire thing was only half an hour, and just included stuff I found stupid,
such as the spoon chasing the soup around trying to "Eat him". The ending
showed a table and about seven kids sitting around it, each with a bowl of soup
in front of them. They were sitting and looking at the camera, but with
confused, almost frightened faces. The cameraman then held the can of soup in
front of the kids and said, "Spooooons ready?" And then it just stopped.

### **July 1999**

It was summer, and I hadn't watched channel 21 for a while, until one day when
I slept over at my friend's house, and I decided to check it out again. My
friend had gotten a TV in his room for his sixth birthday, so we stayed up very
late (for us, 9:30 was very late) and watched TV. That's when I remembered
channel 21 and brought it up to my friend. We decided to see if it was on, and
to our surprise it was (they must have changed the broadcasting time).

Mr. Bear's Cellar --- Episode 23: This episode was entertaining for my friend
and me, mainly because it had swearing. However, now when I think of this
episode, I realize something was definitely wrong when it was filmed. The
episode started with the camera on its side, while it was facing Mr. Bear, who
was walking upstairs to the cellar door. The camera then blacked out for about
a second, before fading in, back upright, and facing Mr. Bear. There was also
another kid talking to him, but this kid looked about eleven or twelve.

He was talking to Mr. Bear for a while, but I couldn't hear well (Again with
the crappy camcorder) until the kid started raising his voice. The kid was
saying how it was late and his sister had to go home, you could also hear more
voices in the background. I remember Mr. Bear clearly saying "Get the fuck out,
you're not invited." with a deep voice muffled by the bear mask. I remember my
friend and I looking at each other and laughing at the mention of the forbidden
F word, but the episode got weirder. The kid began climbing the stairs before
turning around and saying how he was going to call the police. Mr. Bear began
breaking into a run towards the kid, who started screaming and running as well.
The camera then cut out, and that was the end of the episode. The channel then
turned to static shortly after.

### **August 1999**

I didn't want to watch channel 21 after that. In August I grew more curious to
see Mr. Bear's cellar for some reason though. The last episode I saw of Mr.
Bear was weird and had swearing, which also made me think the show was meant
for teenagers. Nonetheless, I flipped onto channel 21 when my dad was busy.

Mr. Bear's Cellar --- Episode 28: Apparently this episode had been playing the
entire month of August. It was studied a lot by the police. The entire episode
was just Mr. Bear sitting in a chair talking to the audience. "Hello, kids! Do
you want to visit my cellar? If you do, please write me a letter at this
address!" The screen then switched to a white screen with multi-colored letters
reading the address, and that was what remained for the rest of the episode.
This repeated for five hours every day until September came.

And guess what I actually did? I sent "Mr. Bear," or that sick bastard who
portrayed him a letter. I did it out of curiosity mostly; my dad was OK with it
because he thought it was a legit kid show, but then again he never saw any of
what was on channel 21. So I wrote a letter using my best writing possible, I
think I just said how I wanted to meet Mr. Bear. So my dad sent the letter to
the address Mr. Bear said on the show (it stayed on all day anyway for some
reason).

It took about a week to get a response, which I was surprised I did. I still
have the letter I received on August 15, 1999. The letter read:

> Dear Elliot,
>
> Thank you ever so much for your letter, I would love to have you in my
> cellar! We play games, watch movies, and go fire camping in the middle of the
> woods!
>
> Come to my house at (the police cut out this address), Caledon, Ontario,
> Canada.
>
> I look very forward to having fun with you!
>
> Love, Mr. Bear

I cannot believe my dad never found this sketchy, because he actually took me
to the house. And then that's when the police became involved, those endless
questions, those pictures of terrified kids, the woods…

That brings me to why I'm writing this blog. That psycho and his friends did
some fucked up shit back then, and now it seems he's trying to get into contact
with me again,. The entire police thing is coming back. That has brought 1999
back to me. Over a decade later, it is happening again.

### **\[Update\] --- November 14, 2009**

People have been emailing me asking what exactly happened in 1999, I will get
to that. Those weird TV shows I was watching apparently were meant to attract
kids to Mr. Bear's house, what Mr. Bear did shocked the entire town.

My dad actually drove me to Caledon along with the address Mr. Bear left on the
letter. The house was actually in the outskirts of the town, in the open
farmland. I still remember that house. It looked like an older farmhouse that
looked to have been built in the early 1900s. The windows were all boarded up,
and the house looked in a state of disrepair. As we walked up to the house, I
remember my dad checking the address over and over again and looking at the
house in disbelief. Then the door opened.

I expected Mr. Bear to be at the door, but I was surprised to see a police
officer emerge from the creaking doorway. The officer began talking to my dad,
while I quickly asked if that was Mr. Bear's house. The officer's face cringed
slightly, and he muttered, "Oh God," or something like that. He started talking
quietly to my dad so I couldn't hear, although my dad told me to go to the car
anyway. And then we just went home. My dad was quiet the whole way home. I felt
something strange had happened.

My dad never told me what happened for a while, I forgot about it anyway too.
Channel 21 no longer came on, and when I asked about it my dad would not
acknowledge its existence. I think it was when I was 13 where I learned the
truth. I remembered channel 21 one day and asked my dad about it. I guess he
finally decided I should hear the truth.

Caledon Local 21 was a local TV channel that ran from October 1997-August 1999
in the Peel Region of Ontario. The entire channel was made from a house in
Caledon (The one I visited) and run by a man who was not really known by anyone
in the town. The channel was only available to older TVs because the signal was
one only picked up by rabbit ears (Weaker frequency). The man created all the
shows on the channel, all of which were kid shows. He was Mr. Bear, and he was
the mysterious cameraman. The real reason he created the channel was more
disturbing than what was originally thought. As you might have already guessed,
he kidnapped kids and held them in his cellar. But while most people thought he
was a serial child molester, he really wanted to use the kids for another
purpose. The day I arrived, the man had fled his house the night before, the
day before the police went in for their investigation. I wasn't the only one
who was watching.

### **\[Update\] --- December 2, 2009**

Sorry for not answering any questions for so long, I haven't accessed my email
account for some time. Anyway, let me finally set things straight about what I
know. Back in October, I visited the house previously owned by the man who ran
Caledon Local 21. Two women lived there, operating a daycare business… how
ironic. Now to answer the questions you guys emailed to me:

***Q:** Who else watched Caledon Local 21?*

***A:** I know other people watched it for sure, including those kids who wound
up at Mr. Bear's house. After some Google searches, I found a few people on the
Neoseeker forums who were discussing shows from Caledon Local 21. They talked
about the two shows I watched, but also another two shows I had never seen
before. A user named iamreallife seemed to know all the shows that were
broadcasted on channel 21; here are the two I've never heard of:*

*The Fallen Angel and Life --- iamreallife described it as a fairly boring show
about a guy rambling on and on in front of the camera about how we must please
Satan and appease him before it is too late.*

*Paint with the Soul --- iamreallife and another user called sigy92 were
discussing this show. They described it as "Blair Witch like" as it consisted
of the cameraman wandering around a forest at night, doing nothing particularly
interesting.*

*I'll go looking for the conversation and see if I c*an get the link.

***Q:** Where is Mr. Bear, or the guy who wore the costume?*

***A:** If I did know, I would have said earlier. I have no idea where this guy
is, or if he's dead or alive (hopefully dead). When I see my dad's friend next
time I will ask him about this, maybe I can get a more definite answer.*

***Q:** What did Mr. Bear do to the children?*

***A:** This is by far the most common question I've been asked. I found this
out in October as well, via my dad's friend who is a retired Caledon regional
officer. Apparently, the man playing Mr. Bear took the kids out of the house
and into the forest nearby. What he did there, police are not exactly sure how
it happened, but 16 charred bodies of children between the ages of 4-13 were
found in a 15-by-15-foot ditch deep within the forest. My dad's friend did not
want to go into exact details, but I'm seeing him next Thursday anyway, so
maybe I can extort more information from him then.*

That's all I have for now. Thanks for keeping an interest in my blog. I will
try to gather as much information as I can for my next post. I've actually been
getting pretty interested in this myself. It should be my right to know what
the hell happened.

### **\[Update\] --- January 14, 2010**

I'm sorry I haven't posted anything for a while, I kind of lost interest in
this blog since I hit a standstill while looking for more information about the
identity of the owner of Caledon Local 21.

However, a few weeks ago, I struck gold. I found some answers surprisingly from
the father of a kid I used to babysit. He lives just across from my street, and
I used to look after his kids when they were younger, he currently doesn't have
a job either. He used to live near the woods outside of Caledon, and witnessed
the owner's activities in the woods. His name is Anthony Pollo.

When he lived in the small bungalow outside the woods, he would often venture
in to smoke a joint of marijuana or two before returning to his work as a wood
craftsman. Pollo described that sometimes he would hear voices of children
coming from deeper within the woods, as well as a glowing light off in the
distance. Pollo told me these events started in late 1997 (*Note: This is
around the time Caledon Local 21 began airing*). He apparently became annoyed
by this happening every once in a while and actually went to investigate.

Pollo then described what the whole scene looked like when he got there. There
was a group of kids (He said about 13-17) and ages 5---12 gathered around a
large fire pit with a burning fire. With them was a single adult. Pollo talked
to the man (Noting his unusual unkempt appearance of a crack addict, as well as
his constant twitching) and asked what he was doing out in the forest with
children. The man said they were on a camping trip, something they did
frequently. Pollo, not suspecting anything (Caledon has one of the lowest crime
rates in Canada) simply left it at that and told them to be quieter. Pollo then
paused for a while before telling me that they never became quieter, in fact
sometimes he heard loud chanting from the children in an unknown language. He
didn't bother meeting with the man again, as he was moving anyway.

I told Pollo that the man was probably the owner of Caledon Local 21, but he
doubted it, as he heard that the man was moving to Pickering by several other
residents near that area.

Here is what I know now:

-   The Man would take kids into the woods regularly for "camping"
-   The fire pit Pollo described may be the hole the bodies of the children
    were found in
-   The children Pollo saw are probably the ones found dead
-   The man moved to a city called Pickering (a smaller city east of Toronto)

I will discuss this with my dad's friend (the ex-cop) and see if this matches
anything the police knew about the man. I also want to see if he has any other
knowledge of what was aired on Caledon Local 21.

**\[Update\] --- February 10, 2010**

Good news guys, I talked to my dad's friend and he disclosed a lot of
information for me. First I asked if the police had any information on the man
who ran Caledon Local 21, he replied that they have only had the same leads for
years and never found a suspect. However, the Peel regional police do have some
of the tapes found in the house Caledon Local 21 was broadcasted from, he took
me over so I could watch a few. I guess I haven't said much about him yet, my
dad's friend's name is Mitchell Wilson, a pretty nice guy, he seems to
understand my thirst for knowledge on what happened during the late 90s in that
house. He feels it was wrong that my dad went so long without telling me much.

He took me to the Davis road police station (if you don't know, it's the
largest station in Caledon, and one of the largest within the Peel region
itself). Each of the main stations around Peel have some of the tapes. I was
able to watch all of the footage that the Davis road station has.
Unfortunately, I wasn't allowed to take any tapes home for obvious reasons.

Paint with the Soul --- Episode 10, "Garbage Thrown Away": Paint with the Soul
was one of the shows that iamrealife and sigy92 discussed on neoseeker. I told
the police about this and they informed me that 12 episodes of the show were
made and broadcasted between December 5, 1997′ and ‘January 8, 1998.'

Exactly as iamrealife and sigy92 described, the episode opened with the
cameraman wandering around in a forest. It appeared to be during the evening as
it seemed the sun was setting. The cameraman walked along a path until he got
to an area where there was a lot of garbage lying in the leaves.

The camera looked around at the various wrappers, bottles, bags, and boxes,
making sure each item got a few seconds of screen time. The camera then focused
on a single area before the man spoke. I recall he spoke in a very timid quiet
voice, and I swear I've heard it somewhere else before, like on another Caledon
Local 21 show. I could barely hear what he was saying, but he mainly talked
about how humans are garbage, or something that had to do with saving ourselves
by cleaning up the garbage (us). It actually sounded really stupid, but still a
feeling of dread came over me, I mean that forest was possibly where those
bodies were found, right?

Mr. Bear's Cellar --- Episode 25: When the police administrator brought this
tape in, I actually said "Ohhh, shit," and chuckled a bit out loud. Of course,
I got stares from the staff, but Wilson explained to them about my little
experience with Mr. Bear and how I still kept the letter he sent me. Like the
previous episodes, this one included a guy wearing a bear mascot costume.

The episode began with Mr. Bear waddling over to his cellar door with a bottle
of orange juice in his paws. On the ground were sixteen shot glasses as well as
a small bottle that contained an unknown liquid. Mr. Bear poured an equal
amount of orange juice into each glass before opening the smaller bottle and
depositing one drop into the glasses. Mr. Bear then went off-camera, there were
some minor sounds such as shuffling, and then Mr. Bear emerged from behind the
camera's location.

Following him were 16 children. Some looked as young as four, while others
looked like they were practically teenagers. As the children entered, the
administrator commented that this is the only episode that showed all 16
victims.

The kids all looked rather content except for this one who had visible bruises
on his face, and unlike the other kids, he had a more fearful expression. He
also looked about 11-12, which caused me to recognize him. He was the kid who
had asked about his sister and subsequently met an unknown fate at the end of
episode 23, that one episode I watched during July 1999.

When I told the administrator this, he confirmed it was the same kid. He was
also featured in episode 24, an episode that only aired once at 3:00 in July
1999 (the police have still not found the tape). Mr. Bear then broke into song,
singing about citrus fruits and how good vitamin C was for you (I could barely
hear the lyrics as they were muffled by the bear mask). The kids all drink
their juice (the one from episode 23 doing it rather reluctantly), and the
episode ended.

After viewing the tapes in possession of the Davis Road police station, I'm
satisfied but only temporarily. I still want to know the full story. The police
just keep giving me the same crap about the creator of Caledon Local 21 being a
fetishist pedophile as well as an apparent cultist. I will sign off for now,
get into university first, and get information later. Hopefully, I will get
back to this blog as soon as possible.

### **\[Update\] --- May 8, 2010**

Last month, I finally got my G2 license (in Ontario, Canada, this allows you to
drive in a car by yourself as well as with some passengers after 6 months). I,
of course, took advantage of this and drove into Caledon for a little "Sunday
drive." Since I haven't updated this blog in a while, I figured I might as well
visit the house where the infamous channel of my childhood was located. The
house looked different than when I last saw it in October. The place was no
longer used as a daycare, and just sat there abandoned. However, it did have a
"For Sale" sign showing that someone still owned it, wanting to get rid of it,
though.

The abandoned house drew fuzzy memories from my mind, mainly of that day my dad
took me to visit Mr. Bear. A feeling of dread came upon me. What happened to
the children while they were living in that house? I walked up the steps to the
front door and peered through the window. Inside I could see a nearly empty
hallway with a few boxes at the end.

At the end of the hallway to the right was an open doorway presumably leading
to the kitchen. To the left were two doors, both apparently leading to the
rooms visible through the windows outside. I wondered where the cellar entrance
was located and whether it had been sealed up. I walked around to the back of
the house and found my answer. Two wooden doors lying at an almost flat angle
were padlocked shut; this had to lead to the cellar. Not wanting to hang around
(you cannot imagine what was going through my mind at that time), I departed.

Behind the house, the empty field continued on until it reached a dense forest
that lined the horizon. I wondered if that was the forest where the bodies of
the children were found. I thought to myself "Fuck it" and proceeded to walk
across the field behind the house into the forest. The forest was oddly quiet,
save for the few periodic sounds of a woodpecker drilling into a distant tree.
I cautiously made my way deeper into the woods, not really caring about the
fact that I had no idea where I was going. I don't know how to explain it, but
it felt like there was something I had to find. I came to a thinner part of the
woods and few small houses in the distance. Pollo's house crossed my mind and I
wondered if one of these homes had belonged to him. I neared a small clearing
in which I could see 3 adequately sized logs gathered around a black, charred
area (showing a small fire had been lit there recently).

"HEY! GET THE FUCK OUT OF OUR FORT!" Those words nearly gave me a heart attack.
I turned to my left and saw two dark-clothed people running towards me. My
initial thought was to run, however as they came closer I saw they were really
just kids in their early teens, possibly 13 or 14, maybe even 12. As they
approached me, they realized my size as well. I'm 6' 1", while they could have
been no bigger than 5' 8" (one might have been 5' 7").

"We said… get the fuck out," the larger one who was wearing a Slipknot shirt
said half-heartedly. I stood my ground and shrugged. The shorter one who was
wearing a Metallica shirt swung out a butterfly knife and held it in my
direction.

"No, you wouldn't want to," I said in a deep, serious tone (trying to sound as
badass as possible). I pulled out my cell phone.

The two kids withdrew, the one in the Metallica shirt putting away the knife.
"Look, dude, we don't like people in our fort, so can you just go?" the one in
the Slipknot shirt said, obviously intimidated. I had no business in the forest
anyway, so I uttered out a simple "fine" and turned before I realized I had a
great opportunity.

"Did either of you hear of a guy who murdered a bunch of kids in these woods
about… 13 years ago?" I asked the kids. The two looked at each other in
confusion, before the one wearing the Metallica shirt answered.

"Yeah… *everyone* knows about that guy," he said to me as if I were stupid. The
kid in the Slipknot shirt continued, "He still lives around here, in the storm
drain… my big brother's friend says he saw him in a bear costume once,
wandering around the forest at night."

My instincts told me this was probably a lie, and the owner of Caledon Local 21
is probably long gone, only existing as folklore in this smaller isolated
community. However, as a human, the thought of the mysterious unknown sparks
interest within. "And where is the storm drain?" I asked (Just out of
curiosity, I don't actually believe the kid's story). The Kid in the Metallica
shirt stared at me for a few moments, his eyes seemingly full of annoyance, yet
curiosity for me. "You're not from around here, are you? Why did you even come
here?" Now, I do admit I was slightly startled by the nature of his question.
However, I figured I might as well explain why I was there, just in case people
mistook my intentions. I told the two kids about my experience with the man and
Caledon local 21, and that I had to come to maybe seek out some sort of closure
(although though even I wasn't exactly sure).

The kids seemed familiar with the channel as they smiled and looked at each
other when I mentioned it. They also became more understanding and gave me a
detailed description on how to get to the storm drain. Shortly after, I decided
to just turn around the way I came and head back to the house, leaving the kids
at their fort. But now you're probably wondering why I left out such detail
about what the kids told me just now, it is it because I'm choosing to conclude
what I have gathered now.

Here is what the kids told me in detail:

-   The storm drain lies ahead of the kids' fort, the same direction I was
    heading.
-   The drain ends at a small river, where access water is drained out. Near
    here is a small playground (the kids told me people rarely use it).
-   The man supposedly lives in the large pipe that rainwater drains out of.
    People have seen him, although always either wearing a bear mask or the
    mask and a full body bear costume. *Note: I do not believe this is true,
    and in fact simply a myth made by the residents of Caledon. The story does
    not seem plausible in any way, why did no one call the police? Didn't this
    guy look suspicious? And other questions like these leave the story
    invalid.*
-   I may visit the storm drain. Not because I believe the story, but because I
    want an excuse to visit Caledon again, so this blog doesn't die (With no
    more tapes to watch, I don't know what to talk about anymore!).

Thanks for continuing to support me and my blog. I know many are looking
forward to more information about what happened in Caledon during the year
1999, and I will do my best to continue my research into the topic. Elliot out.

### **\[Update\] --- October 7, 2010**

Wow, nearly five months since I last updated. I'm guessing everyone pretty much
thinks I was dead right? Thankfully I'm not. But in all my seriousness, I
really have been busy these past few months, and a blog about something that
could have killed me as a kid is a little low on my current priorities list. As
of now, I am living in Waterloo, Ontario, attending the University of Waterloo
for computer engineering (yeah, I'm a keener). As you can imagine, engineering
is no walk in the park, so obviously I nearly forgot about this blog. But as
you can see now, I am back.

I remembered to visit the storm drain the kids from the Caledon forest told me
about. It was out in a clearing between the wooded areas, nearby a marsh.
Unfortunately, I found absolutely nothing; save for a turtle that retreated
into its built-in home when it saw me. I snapped some pics of the pipe which I
have posted as well. Also, let me tell you it was NOT a storm drain like they
said it was.

What I saw was a simple pipe, possibly to channel the access water from the
marsh. When I returned from Caledon however, I simply kept putting off
uploading everything until I forgot all about my blog. It just didn't seem
important anymore (Please forgive me). It wasn't until only recently that I am
now interested in my case again. On September 10th, I received an email from
this email address: returntheb@hotmail.com

Funny, am I right? Well, it gets better. I'm going to copy and paste the exact
email this guy sent me:

> Dear Elliot,
>
> My dear, dear boy,
>
> You see this story may or may not be true but it could happen. There are many
> slots for air time, if you have money you can have a public access TV
> channel. Some public accsess channels share air time like EWTN (Religouse
> channel based out of Michigan) That shows Catholic based programming but
> during off air hours have independant shows or just blue screen. Cable
> networks have emty channels available for rent space. So the scenario of a
> pedo renting a channel on basic TV is not far fetch at all. However public
> access TV is widley reveiwed and can be teminated at anytime. (These are the
> rules for the United States not for Canada where this story took place) So if
> this happened in the US the pedo would be tracked and arrested emedatly. Yes
> this story could happen but it is unlikely.
>
> 100 fuzzy hugs,
>
> Mr. Bear

Now obviously this letter is fake and sounds almost corrupted, but still, I
would like to thank whoever sent it — though they could use some English
lessons. Just reading this letter creeped me out, but because of it, I am now
full of this new interest to continue my blog. I guess it's just funny trying
to pursue the mysteries I've always questioned. Now my roommate knows about all
of this. He thought the letter was real and actually seemed more scared than I
was for a second. But then I shrugged it off, so he did too. I mean, what are
the chances of this being real? How would "Mr. Bear" know all this about public
access TV, and about when I went to Caledon on those occasions? More or less
know my email or me still be interested in his cellar. Ha.

I'm going to send a reply to "returntheb." Wow, just looking at the email
address, you can tell someone wanted to freak me out. It didn't really work,
though. Although, to whomever you are, thank you for sparking my interest back
into the full matter. Maybe I can find out more about what happened to "Mr.
Bear," hopefully, because although I don't buy that email, a part of me still
feels anxious. Thank you to all those who are still following me and have
become avid fans, you are also why I am choosing to continue this!

Thanks, guys.

### **\[Update\] --- November 7, 2010**

Wow, I can't believe this blog hasn't been deleted yet, I haven't posted
anything for so long. I have my reasons and I'd rather not discuss them just
yet, it has been a rather… traumatic year for me. Some of you were right, I
shouldn't have gone back trying to relive the mysteries of my childhood, but I
couldn't resist. It has been over a year since my last post and a lot has
happened. Let's recap where I'm at right now with regards to the whole "Mr.
Bear" incident.

-   returntheb@hotmail.com is no longer in use, I tried replying to the email
    but I got no reply. I tried again a while back, still no response.
-   I've actually moved up to Ottawa (Capital of Canada for those who don't
    know) for university so I haven't been back to Caledon or back home in the
    Peel region for a while. I had my reasons for leaving as you could guess
    why.
-   I've had to make a new email account because people keep prank mailing me
    pretending to be Mr. Bear. Thanks a lot, guys (not).
-   Why have I ventured back to this blog? Mitchell Wilson (Remember my dad's
    ex-cop friend?) gave me a phone call on October 23 about a tape that was
    found in a branch of the Brampton public library. Brampton is my hometown
    in case you haven't picked up on that. He claims he isn't allowed to
    discuss the contents of the tape with me as it is still in evidence, but he
    asked me to come check it out when I return home. That tape got the gears
    grinding again because we all know what was on the last tapes I saw. I can
    only imagine what can be on it; I'm guessing it must have something to do
    with Caledon Local 21.

I guess I just wanted to say I am continuing this blog and thank you for
everyone who still follows it. I don't know when my next entry will be, but
when I see that tape I'll write what I find. I don't know what to expect, but
the idea of seeing another tape has gotten me interested in this whole mystery
all over again.

--- Elliot

### **\[Update\] --- January 21, 2011**

It has been a long year for me. University has been giving me the usual
sleepless nights especially since I transferred to Ottawa which is *the* place
to party (sarcasm). But now I'm back home with my dad in Brampton, the town I
grew up in. I got home on the 18th of December and have been visiting with
friends and family, or at least that's what I would rather have done. Now that
festive holiday cheer that I usually have at this time of the month is absent.

To answer the hundreds of emails and comments I got --- yes I did see the tapes
that my dad's friend (Mitchell Wilson) promised to show me. These tapes,
however, act as a curse; I want to know more, yet I want to forget everything.
I couldn't help it; I *needed* to see those tapes. Not only for myself, but for
all of you guys who are just as intrigued as I am by that ominous man in a bear
suit from my past. However, after viewing those tapes, I feel that pit of dread
deep inside me once again, that feeling where I know that all those kids in
those videos are dead, that I could have been one of those kids, and that
humanity is a dark, dark place. If you haven't skipped this paragraph for the
"juicier" details below, thank you for listening to my rambling.

On January 1st, I called Mitchell Wilson and asked if there was a time where I
could come by and view the tapes. Things were pretty slow at the station
because of a snowstorm so he said I could come down anytime that day. The tapes
were located at a branch not too far from me. So I braved the slushy roads and
terrible Brampton drivers and made my way to the Peel regional police station
located at the Bramalea city center.

I met Wilson at the front desk where he then led me up to the second floor and
into a small office. He instructed me to have a seat and wait while he went and
got the tapes. Before leaving the office he turned to me and said, "I know
you're curious but… are you sure you want to do this?"

Of course I did, or at least thought so. Besides, Wilson's friend had pulled a
lot of strings to get me in there and I didn't want to waste the opportunity.
This particular station had two tapes on hand. I was only able to watch a few
minutes of footage, however, because the second tape was apparently too damaged
to be played on a VCR.

Mr. Bear's Cellar --- Episode 30: Mr. Bear never ceases to disturb me,
especially after what almost happened when I was younger. This episode took
place outside in a forest at dusk, making it slightly hard to see especially
considering the quality of the film (A trademark of anything from Caledon Local
21). The episode started with the camera being held in the "paws" of Mr. Bear
aiming it at himself.

That bear mask… it looked more sinister in the shadows of the trees. The
unmistakable muffled voice spoke up; "Hello children! Today I will be doing a
wonderful thing for my friends, I will be delivering them to a faraway land
where they will surely be happy!" Mr. Bear turned the camera around to show an
ATV with an attached trailer, but what stood out the most was that the trailer
contained seven motionless children lying side by side. "T-this here is the
first load, but more will be on their way soon!" Mr. Bear turned around and
pointed the camera at a large burlap tarp spread on the ground.

He picked the tarp up revealing a large hole that must have been at least 12
feet deep and maybe about 15 feet wide. The rest of the episode consisted of
Mr. Bear taking each kid and dropping them into the hole. I asked Wilson if
they were dead to which he shook his head and replied, "Not yet." Soon all the
kids were in the pit. Some were in awkward positions due to being tossed in,
but they remained unconscious. "The vitamin C will surely help these children
on the great journey that awaits them!" Mr. Bear mentioned as he panned the
camera towards multiple bottles of gasoline beside a bush. The camera zoomed
into the bottles as Mr. Bear hummed before the episode ended.

Wilson revealed to me that these were 7 of the 16 victims found burnt to a
crisp. The gasoline is what the man playing Mr. Bear used to light them on
fire. A pit full of burning children… who the fuck would do that? That feeling
of dread found me once again when I realized that I could have been one of
those kids.

Wilson then explained to me that he had previously lied. The other tape
confiscated by the Bramalea police branch did indeed work and contained the
filming of the actual burning. However, he felt that I wouldn't be able to
handle the "disturbing and graphic" nature of the episode. And you know what?
Maybe I can't. I don't even want to see it. I'm satisfied for now, but I just
need some time to get myself together. The thing is, the man who ran Caledon
Local 21 is still out there.

More to come soon.

--- Elliot

**INRI**

> Once upon a time...<br> There lived a boy named Elliot.<br> Elliot was a
> clever boy who loved playing with his friends.<br> One day, he watched a
> lovely television show about a bear and his children friends.<br> The
> children loved helping each other as good children should, but they also
> loved the bear.<br> The bear loved the children since the children were so
> good at helping him and the fallen angel.<br> The children and the bear
> wanted to play together forever with the help of their angel friend.<br> But
> the fallen angel needed even more help, so the children had to give the
> ultimate sacrifice.<br> Because that's what friends do, Elliot.<br> They help
> each other.<br> Help us, Elliot, burn with us, Elliot.<br> I want you,
> Elliot, he wants you, Elliot.<br> Come back to my cellar.<br> Pretty please
> with sugar and icing on top!
>
> --- Mr. B

**INRI**

### **\[Update\] --- April 5, 2011**

I wanted to update more, I truly did. However certain circumstances had turned
me off the whole Caledon Local 21 thing. I've since then had hundreds of emails
about my blog and was even in contact with a magazine about my story. But now
is the time to come clean to everyone, where have I been for an entire year?
The story of Pandora's Box is true, and I opened it. I opened it when I watched
the second tape in the possession of the Bramalea police branch. The other
subject I'd like to address is the number of joke/fake emails I've been getting
from people claiming to be Mr. Bear. Let's start with the second tape, as that
is what traumatized me into stopping my search temporarily.

After a few weeks of playing silent, I decided to ask Mitchell Wilson if I
could view that infamous second tape he had talked about. I don't know why. I
just felt that viewing that tape would give me some closure. Wilson was
obviously reluctant to show me, but I was persistent. He gave me an offer. If I
was still interested by the time I turned 20 he would show me the tape. Not
being able to do much else, I just played the waiting game. By the time my 20th
birthday rolled around, I was definitely still interested in viewing the tape.
I gave Wilson a call, during which he admitted that he had hoped that I would
forget about asking him again, but I was not taking no for an answer. "You
really don't need to see it," he kept telling me, but I *did* need to see it. I
*had* to at this point. Sure enough, he invited me to the Bramalea branch one
Monday afternoon. Having watched every *Saw* film, and a video of animal
slaughterhouses in my ethics class, I was sure I would be able to handle
whatever the tape could throw at me. How naive I was…

Mr. Bear's Cellar --- Episode 31: When Wilson went to collect the tape from
evidence, the officer in charge of the evidence room shook his head at me, his
face saying "What are you doing?" Wilson explained that this tape includes the
last known episode of Mr. Bear's cellar. I rightfully assumed that I would be
seeing the fate of the children, and began to feel a sense of dread.

The episode opened inside a forest, the usual one from the previous episodes.
This fact took me a while to realize because it was night, the trees and leaves
just looked like shapes dancing around in the darkness. A faint glow of light
was present on the right side of the screen. There wasn't any apparent audio,
it appeared to be a windy night yet the trees weren't making any noise. Slowly,
the camera began to pan towards the glow, revealing smoke rising from a hole
with the tips of flames peaking over the top. Wilson paused at this point; "Are
you sure you want to see this?" he asked me. I insisted on it, even though a
voice in my head was telling me not to. The video continued, the cameraman
moved towards the hole, showing a pit of fire. This was the hole that I had
seen in the previous episode. Only this time it was filled with shapes. I could
see shapes moving around, fluttering, flailing…some motionless. I knew
perfectly well what they were. The camera began to adjust to the light and…
burning flesh. Red, black, a blur of surreal movement and colors. I wish I
could forget what I saw, but you can't forget a scene like this. This was not a
horror movie, this was reality. Human beings were being killed in a horrifying
way, a fate that I could have potentially met.

The video suddenly cut to dawn, the camera now positioned farther away from the
hole. The fire was out. However, there was still smoke rising up. A figure was
up ahead. I recognized it right away; the Mr. Bear suit was laid out on the
ground. Empty, it looked just as unnerving. The suit was laid out in the shape
of a cross. The cameraman did a lap around the suit, treating it like a
treasured artifact. Placed at the head of the suit was a sign. In bold red
letters, INRI was printed. The cameraman moved back to the end of the suit,
zooming in to the bear's face. The episode finally ended.

I was speechless. It was like a dream. You can find a lot of terrible things on
the internet, but I had never seen *anything* like this. Wilson asked if I was
okay and I replied with a shaky "yes." I assured him as we left that I was fine
and that the video gave me some closure over the whole incident. He didn't seem
too confident in me, but he left it at that. He was right, though --- I had
nightmares for weeks. I gave up. I didn't care about the whole thing anymore. A
sick man burned a bunch of kids alive, attracting them with a fake kid's TV
channel. I could have been one of his victims, yet I'm still here. I suppose I
should be grateful, but I feel guilty. Am I still here only by pure luck? Ten
months later I'm back, but now I need to address something else.

My email has been flooded with messages. Some people ask for more details, some
ask if I can upload the tapes, and some people email me claiming to be Mr.
Bear. First, I cannot get the tapes uploaded as they're A) in police possession
as evidence and B) I have no idea how to transfer VHS onto a computer. As for
people pretending to be Mr. Bear, you're not fooling me. When you have dozens
of people pretending to be the same person, it doesn't work. I've even seen a
fake Caledon Local 21 YouTube channel, which is cute but still not real. Even
more annoying is the fact that someone hacked my account just to put up some
demented poem about me on this blog. I'll leave it in the entry above this one,
just to show you guys. I have contacted my webmaster about the entry and was
told that it was posted on Halloween (oh, spooky!), attached to the email
paintwithb@aol.com, which I assume is another joke email.

I'm over episode 31 now. The images of what I saw will stick with me for a
while, but I want to do one last hurrah. I will get into contact with Mitchell
Wilson again and hopefully get set up with the tapes in the possession of the
other Peel Police branches. I'll try to update you guys as soon as I can (I'm
sure this won't take so long again). Thank you to everyone who still reads
this.

--- Elliot
